Faster simple scaling algorithm using SDL functions (#1884)
pygame-community/pygame-ce: docs/reST/ref/transform.rst

   the destination must be the same size as the size (width, height) passed in. Also
   the destination surface must be the same format.

>    .. versionchanged:: 2.1.4 internal scaling algorithm was replaced with a nearly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   .. versionchanged:: 2.2.0 internal scaling algorithm was replaced with a nearly
```
